## Meeting Schedule

Meeting Schedule: Every Tuesday and Thursday during class time (10:30-11:45am)
  
## Meeting Minutes

### 2022-11-15 at 10:30
- Attendance: Isabel Luong, Bhargavi Datye, and Sherif Philips

- Team Updates:
 - Bhargavi: Came up with functional and non-functional requirements.
 - Isabel: Setup a git hub repository and will work on two use cases.
 - Sherif: Came up with functional and non-functional requirements.

- Before next meeting:
  - Create branches and pull requests for each team member
  - Create 2 use cases

-Group progress
  A github repository was made and the team figured out and discussed all functional and non-functional requirements.


### 2022-11-17 at 10:30
- Attendance: Isabel Luong, Bhargavi Datye, and Sherif Philips

- Team Updates: 
  - Bhargavi: Figured out how to make a branch, and how to pull from/ push to github
  - Isabel: Edited the functional requirements, added two use cases, and helped teammates set up their workspace. Will revise 2 use cases.
  - Sherif: Created a branch

- Before next meeting: 
  - Focus on figuring out more use cases

-Group progress
  Branches were pushed and the team futher discussed functional requirements. A team lead was selected.


### 2022-11-22 at 10:30
-Attendance: Isabel Luong, Bhargavi Datye, and Sherif Philips

- Team updates
  - Bhargavi Datye: Began working on 2 use cases and choosing functional requirements to focus on.
  - Isabel Luong: Revised 2 use cases, chose functional requirements to focus on, and revised some non-functional requirements.
  - Sherif Philips: Began working on use cases and choosing functional requirements to focus on.

- By tonight:
  - Finish assigning each team member functional requirements
  - Finish writing use cases for 6 of the functional requirements
  - Solve any conflict by using merge

-Group progress
  Use cases are in progress and almost completed. The day and time for weekly meetings was decided. Functional and non-functional requirements were finalized.


### 2022-11-29 at 10:30
-Attendance: Isabel Luong, Bhargavi Datye, and Sherif Philips

- Team updates
  - Bhargavi Datye: Finished choosing functional requirements and began research.
  - Isabel Luong: Helped teammates pull and locate working files and will work on assigned functional requirements.
  - Sherif Philips: Created webapp.py with code templates

-Group progress
  All members are aware of the next milestone and has found resources to start on the functional requirements.


### 2022-12-02 at 15:00 (3:00pm - 4:33pm)
-Attendance: Isabel Luong, Bhargavi Datye, and Sherif Philips

- Team updates
  - Bhargavi Datye: Researched assigned functional requirements and how to connect the program to a database. 
  - Isabel Luong: Added code templates from class sessions into git and will continue to work on assigned functional requirements. Also researched how to work out program bugs and using the database.
  - Sherif Philips: Created a template .CSS and HTML. created a ganeral template for the code. Working on functional req.
  
-Group progress
  All members revised their use cases after recieving feedback from the professor. 
  
- Pair Programming (90mins)
  - Group worked on the login and signup pages, and began working on the homepage
  - Finished python code and html for login and signup pages
  - Tried to figure out how to connect program to a database
  
- For next meeting:
  - Look up how to connect code to a database


### 2022-12-03 at 12:00 (12:00pm-1:35pm)
- Attendance: Bhargavi Datye, Isabel Luong, Sherif Philips
  
- Team updates:
  Group looked up how to connect the program to a database in order to continue working on the home page
  
  - Bhargavi Datye: Wrote html for a logout button, researched how to implment delete account, messages and profile.
  - Isabel Luong: Added a navigation bar for user to navigate through the website. Figured out how to connect program to a database. Implemented working create account/ signup because the one we did in the team was broken. Connected all webpages. Will continue to work on functional requirements.
  - Sherif Philips: Researched models for POST, edit profile and follow/unfollow, and delete account

- Pair Programming (90mins)
  - Group worked on logout button, home page, delete account button, and posting messages
  - Debugged issues regarding logout
  - Added a delete account link in navigation
  - Added edit profile function under routes and under class user in models
  
- For next meeting: 
  - Research how to post messages, how to implement "edit profile", and how to search for users


### 2022-12-06 at 10:30 (10:30am-11:45am)
- Attendance: Bhargavi Datye, Isabel Luong, Sherif Philips
  
- Team updates:
  - Bhargavi Datye: Added code under routes.py and html for private messaging and uploading images. Added new file upload_image.html, edited messages.html. 
  - Isabel Luong: Worked on edit user profile, made it so users can change their username and password, working on uploading a profile picture, worked a little on user profile. Figured out how to use flask-migrate, and almost done with search for user.
  - Sherif Philips: Wrote code and html for functions.

- Pair Programming (90mins)
  - Group worked on html for sending messages
  - Contacted TA for help with flask-migrate
  - updated README to include introduction, ethical implications, and implementation
  
- For next meeting: 
  - Figure out how to run flask-migrate


### 2022-12-06 at 10:30
-Attendance: 

- Team updates
  - Bhargavi Datye: 
  - Isabel Luong:
  - Sherif Philips: 

-Group progress

- Who attended the meeting
- Team updates (15min or less)
  <Each team member gives an update of what they did from the last meeting and what they plan to do next. If they are stuck, bring it up here to see if others can help.>
  - <name> worked on X. Will work on Y next. 

- pair-programming (optional) (25 mins)
  <- Pair program on one part of the project. Driver will be the person responsible for that requirement.>

- Summarize group progress



### 2022-12-06 at 10:30
-Attendance: 

- Team updates
  - Bhargavi Datye: 
  - Isabel Luong:
  - Sherif Philips: 

-Group progress

- Who attended the meeting
- Team updates (15min or less)
  <Each team member gives an update of what they did from the last meeting and what they plan to do next. If they are stuck, bring it up here to see if others can help.>
  - <name> worked on X. Will work on Y next. 

- pair-programming (optional) (25 mins)
  <- Pair program on one part of the project. Driver will be the person responsible for that requirement.>

- Summarize group progress
